Improve invalid markup documentation section (#83)
wilsonzlin/minify-html: README.md

## Minification

Note that some of the minification done can result in HTML that will not pass validation, but remain interpreted and rendered correctly by browsers.
Essentially, browser laxness is taken advantage of, for better minification.

> To produce valid HTML, set the following options in the `Cfg` object:
> 
>     do_not_minify_doctype=True
>     ensure_spec_compliant_unquoted_attribute_values=True
>     keep_spaces_between_attributes=True

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retain the validity of HTML, set the following options in the `Cfg` object:

    do_not_minify_doctype=True
    ensure_spec_compliant_unquoted_attribute_values=True
    keep_spaces_between_attributes=True

Note: minify-html does not aim to fix invalid HTML. Inputting an invalid HTML, even with the above options set, could sometimes not result in a valid HTML.
```

e.g. minify-html would not add `<!DOCTYPE html>` if it does not exist, would not upper-case `doctype` but only retain its case.

Reviewer 2: Yes this is a good point, if the input is invalid, the output will most likely remain so.
